[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Pressure without vision
will create a heart attack.
Pressure with vision
will create a diamond.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
All right.
We definitely are
calling in a new paradigm
where we want life to be easy.
We want life to
be full of bliss.
We want to experience a
higher level of ourselves
where there's a
beautiful unfolding that
feels effortless.
It feels like you're
tapping on a door
and the door just opens for you.
But that's not to negate
the importance of pressure
in our life.
A lot of times, we put pressure
on ourself that is unnecessary.
And we want to alleviate
that unnecessary pressure.
But there is some really
valuable components
to pressure.
And those valuable
components are your vision.
Pressure without vision
will create a heart attack.
Pressure with vision
will create a diamond.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The Akashic Records,
or the Akashic Record,
it's all the same thing.
This is the state
of consciousness
where all information, every
detail of our past, present,
all possible futures
has been stored.
And when we learn how to
shift our consciousness,
we can tap into the
realm of the Akash
and begin to draw
intelligence from the Akash.
Now the best way to
use the Akashic Record
is to ask questions.
But as we ask questions,
that's how we extract
the most potent information.
The records work by giving
us what we're ready to hear,
what we're ready to
embody and nothing more.
Here are some
characteristics of the record
so that you know
you are actually
in the space of the records.
And that is, you're
going to feel supported.
You're going to feel
unconditional love.
You're not going to feel
in judgment of yourself,
or in judgment of other people.
And if you find that you're
not resonating at that state,
sometimes the ego
can come back in.
Ego is any part of our self
that does not identify ourselves
as God, as right directly
connected to source energy.
During this time of
the Galactic timelines,
when planet Earth
is going through
such huge transformations,
there have
been many of these souls,
these ascended master
souls, who have
agreed to come back
and to assist during this time.
When you're incarnated in
the human form, you forget.
It's part of the brilliance
and the beauty of how
the whole thing is designed
though because as we choose
to reincarnate, we allow
ourselves to undergo
the forgetting and
then we allow ourselves
the experience of
waking back up,
we are programming the
collective grids here,
the crystalline grid that is
under our feet, the Christ
and consciousness
grid that exists up
in the upper atmosphere.
We are programming
these grids that
send energy, that
send knowledge, that
send intelligence throughout the
entire planet with the ability
for more and more people to
wake up to who they truly are,
whether they've achieved
ascended mastery or not.
>> Hello Emily.
We're in your lovely
home, here in Reno.
And we're going to be
talking some Akashic Records.
Akashic Academy is your brand
that you're working with
and I'd love to hear your story.
We've known you for, it seems
like a year now, almost, maybe.
>> It feels like
right about a year.
>> Yeah.
We started talking
and you invited me
to your conference back
in Sedona last fall.
>> I did.
I said, will you come be
the special celebrity guest?
>> Yes, it was an honor
to be the special--
in the middle of COVID, so we
had an interesting seminar.
And trying to do anything live
at that time was interesting.
I was blown away because I've
heard of the Akashic Records.
I've known about
them a little bit.
And the way the
work that you did
and what you brought everybody
through in connecting
was super special.
And I want to
introduce that modality
and talk about the
Akash to this audience
because I think it comes up a
lot in the channeling episodes
that I do.
The beings that come
through, they reference it.
>> Well you're going to see
it more and more because it is
a template for us to
understand instant interfacing
communication, being able to
get information and download
information that is not
tainted by human perspective,
it comes from the God-mind.
And the internet is the
physical representation
of how most humans on
the planet have actually
come into contact
with the pattern that
is the Akashic Records.
This is how they're
experiencing it in their lives,
so our minds are
opening up and we're
able to wrap our head
around the concept.
So you're going
to see the Akashic
Records more and more and more.
This is the start of this
intelligence interfacing
with normal people
on an everyday basis.
>> So in a sense, I mean,
for those who've never heard
of the Akash, it's essentially
the record of everything.
>> It is a record of past,
present, all possible futures.
The future exists in
infinite possibility.
It's recorded from a perspective
of unconditional love and zero
judgment.
So not the same way that
we humans experience,
because we come into
a plane where we're
experiencing contrast,
we're experiencing
polarity, which is great.
We need that to learn.
Yes we're outgrowing
that, I think.
But that's been the
phase of evolution
that we've experienced
here on the planet.
>> So yeah, as we're outgrowing
that old way of learning
and we're tapping into these
higher realms of consciousness,
we can raise our consciousness
so that we can interface with
the Akashic Records.
And that's really the key.
It's about raising your
internal vibrational frequency
so that you're a harmonic
match, which basically means
you have to get
yourself to the point
where you love yourself enough
that you don't judge yourself.
That you can look at your
life through the lens
of unconditional love and
zero judgment, which means
you have to look at
yourself that way
and the people that
have hurt you that way.
>> So that's where humans
struggle in being able to tap
in.
But once we do things to
adjust our energy field,
it's really interesting how
when the mind's vibrating
at a higher frequency,
it doesn't latch on
to the same old thought
patterns that it does when
we're in a lower frequency.
So when we raise our
frequency like that
and we become that
interface, that match-point,
then the question is, how
does the interaction happen?
And that's when we just
have to be brave enough
to use our imagination.
It's really simple.
>> Use your imagination to--
in what sense?
>> To have the interface, the
communication with the records.
So when we go into
the records, we
want to use that
space really similarly
to how to use the internet.
You don't just turn the internet
on and be like, oh, oh, oh.
No, you have to invite
forward what you want to know.
So we'll use a search
engine like Google.
And of course, I'm sure
you've typed something
into Google before.
The more specific you get, the
more specific the answers are.
If I were to type
in red Corvette,
I would probably have
millions of hits.
If I typed in, I don't
know much about cars--
1967, I don't know,
is a hard topic thing?
Maybe.
But you see, I would
get more specific.
The records work the same way.
They work by what's known
as invitation only, which
doesn't mean they only
invite certain people.
Everyone is technically
invited into this space.
It means that we must invite
forward the information
that we're seeking.
So basically, that means
you go in and ask questions.
And so when you go through
the process of raising
your consciousness and then
you begin to ask the questions,
this is where the
imagination comes in
and how you're
receiving the answers.
This is where our psychic
senses become important.
So just like we have
our outward five senses,
we have inward five
senses and more--
we'll focus on just the five--
that play with us
in our imagination.
You can imagine a flower in
your mind right now, right?
That's your clairvoyance,
your clear inner vision.
You can imagine a song playing
in your mind right now, right?
Or birds singing.
That's your clair-audience
you're clearly hearing.
We have clair-sentience as well,
which is a clear inner feeling.
And clair-cognizance,
which is a clear knowing.
It can be interesting
and we have
to learn how to understand
our own subtle energy.
Sometimes it can be difficult.
Was that a flash of a color,
or a picture that went through
my mind, or am I hearing it,
or am I feeling it?
So there is nuance
that allows us to begin
to develop these senses more.
But it's about allowing these
senses to bring awareness
in our imagination and
trusting that if we've
done what we need to do to
connect that higher frequency,
all the human framework
is doing anyway
is sending and
receiving messages.
So once you tune in to
that radio frequency
where you're sending and
receiving on that plane,
you can trust--
some people don't,
they still doubt--
how do I know it's not me?
It sounds a lot like me.
Of course it does
because it's your higher
self coming through.
But eventually we
learn to trust what's
coming in to the imagination.
A lot of people feel blocked.
And I'll take them
into the records
and we'll ask the question be
like, I'm not getting anything.
And this is what I
call BS on people.
When does the mind
ever shut off?
And oh, now all of a sudden your
mind is all pristine and quiet
and your mind is not
picking up anything?
Like, BS.
You know I normally would
have said the real s-word.
>> You can.
It's my show, you can
do whatever you want.
>> So I do.
I call BS on people who say
they're not getting anything.
Sometimes we tense
up and our vibration
might lower a bit because
we're fearful that we might not
be really ready to do this
or we're not doing it right.
And it takes us just a
certain environment of love
and cultivating that.
It's a relatively new
skill for our society
to embrace as a
collective and to create
sacred space to cultivate
these gifts and skills.
But there are places.
>> Yeah, it sounds like the more
less judgmental and the more
openly open you are,
the more you can access.
>> And that is true in
my experience across
consciousness, in general.
With the Akashic
Records, the amount
of information that one can
receive from the records
is directly related
to how much they're
willing to love themselves.
And you think about opening
up access to all information,
ever.
Past, present, all possible
futures, this is powerful.
This is important technology.
This is technology
that must not fall
in the hands of
the wrong people.
>> Well, can it?
>> Not anymore.
>> That's what's going to say,
because of the higher vibration
of the modalities,
you have to be--
>> Yes.
>> Of that-- that's why I say--
>> Some people
won't even see it.
>> Right.
It's kind of off the radar.
>> The lower vibration
people, they won't--
akashi what?
Acai berry, what?
>> Right, right.
>> So there's a certain amount
of cloaking naturally that
happens with this.
Here's the story according
to what I've downloaded
from the Akashic Records.
>> The story of the Akash?
>> The story of when the Akash
was physically removed from
the planet.
>> Oh, it was--
OK.
>> So at the time of
Atlantis and Lemuria,
the Akashic Records existed
in physical form here
on the planet.
>> Can you describe that?
What is that-- how does
that work, physically?
>> Before when they first
started telling me that,
I thought OK, there must
have been like some mainframe
center, or whatever,
and they go in.
And I just was
comfortable allowing
that to be my understanding of
what the Akashic Records were
when they were
here on the planet.
What I understand now is they're
left behind in the crystals.
So the crystals are
actually record keepers.
>> The physical form of the
Akash was stored in crystals?
>> Yes, the good old days.
This golden age of
Atlantis and Lemuria,
where the civilization as a
collective was very psychic.
They all had their self-healing
skills and gifts turned on.
The society is
incredibly abundant.
A collaborative space, rather
than a competitive space.
So what they were
building and creating
looks a lot different than what
we're experiencing right now.
>> They didn't have
iPhones or gadgets--
>> They had crystals.
>> That's what I mean, it was
more of, the technology was
in a sort of different form.
Like we think of technology,
we think of gadgets and things
and--
>> It's very cultivated, yeah.
I'd say it was more raw.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> It is in a raw form
where now we've got--
we've moved our technology
into a very cultivated form.
I think maybe we should pull
it back to more of a raw form
because it feels
like we've reached
the point of diminishing returns
with what our technology,
like the--
>> Mining.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
>> And taking s to create
these technologies that harm
the environment.
They may give us cool
things so we can communicate
with each other,
but hopefully we
can get back on that
crystalline track.
>> Oh, wow, I just got a
whole download coming in.
One thing that I really find
valuable to do and the records
is to reverse engineer things.
What if we just reverse
engineered the technology
that we have now?
So the iPhone going
into the record
and I'd be like, how do I
take this back to its most
raw form, which is telepathy.
Because we can
instantly communicate.
That's basically what
our iPhone does, is
it gives-- it's a
decoding device.
It's our decoder so that we
can communicate instantly.
>> You type in the search words
and you get your information.
We're able to talk
to each other,
send pictures
instantaneously, movies.
It keeps accelerating
in that direction.
>> Yeah and back in the day,
this was interconnected just
through the understanding
of the human wiring.
So back to, how did the
records go from being here
to not being here?
We lived-- I say we--
>> We is fine.
>> Because we were there in
ancient Lemuria and Atlantis.
So we lived in this
golden age for millennia.
And eventually, ego began
to infiltrate that space.
With everyone having
access to information,
which is truly the most valuable
resource in the entire cosmos,
its intelligence, its data--
>> Information.
I personally believe that once
we re-engage our connection
to the records, we'll level
hierarchy on this planet
because everyone
will have access
to the same information,
resources, value.
>> And that's sort
of happening now.
We're seeing--
>> It's happening.
>> We're seeing that with--
>> Decentralization through
cryptocurrencies and just
the way--
decentralized way is like
the new "in" thing, right?
>> And I believe we've had
to earn our way back to this
because what we saw happen
in Atlantis and Lemuria,
once the ego infiltrated
and this knowledge can be
manipulated and used
for personal gain,
if one has access to it.
And that's what began to happen,
which resulted eventually
in the sinking of
Atlantis and Lemuria.
Kind of chokes me up.
So at that point, the records
were physically removed
from the planet,
located in what's
known as seventh or eighth
dimension space-time,
just depending on who's relaying
that information through.
But the point is we don't
physically access it
the same way we used to.
It's through a point
in our consciousness.
It's through raising
our frequency
that we are allowed access.
>> And some of these other
beings that are already hanging
out at those higher dimensions,
they're able to access it all
the time.
>> Oh, yeah.
The Akashic Records are--
Yes it's a library
of information.
Past, present, all
possible futures,
which gives us an infinite
amount of things that we
can do within the records.
But in the space of the
records, in terms of beings,
we have masters, including
ascended masters.
Teachers, which are light beings
who are less and specific,
just like our teachers come
and go in our lifetime now.
Our guides, who've
been with us--
our spirit guides--
who are with us
from the time we incarnate
to the time we leave.
We have archangels.
We have our loved ones.
We have ancestors.
And I believe it's a
central communication
hub because it's going to
translate language into--
whether it's coming in
sacred geometry form,
or whether it's coming
in light language,
or whether it's
coming in light codes,
or whether I'm actually hearing
in channeling from the Galactic
Federation and it sounds
like words and human words
that we know--
once one learns to
interface with Akash,
the Akash meets you right
where you are and can translate
from any one of these beings.
So it's also like the
Star Wars cantina,
where we all just get to go
and hang out together and learn
from each other.
>> And communicate too.
So like you said, it's
a communication point
for different civilizations,
different languages,
different cultures.
And we can use the
records as like an iPhone.
A universal
translator, in a sense.
That's with the iPhones
and things are now.
We're having these
apps that we can
go anywhere in the planet and
hey, talk into this-- oh OK.
>> Speaking of the iPhone.
Steve Jobs went into
the Akashic Records
and downloaded these
templates, just
like Albert Einstein,
Nikola Tesla.
We have evidence
throughout history
as we go into journals
of great geniuses
and whether they describe
it the same way or not,
what they're doing is they're
tapping into universal mind
because it is
information and it is
a place where we can interface.
And we're also writing
the Akashic Records
in every single moment.
We're writing, we're
shifting, we're rewriting.
So it's very
important to, I think,
have a full perspective of
exactly how we're using this
because it's present in
all these different aspects
of our life.
I mean, in dream time, we're
tapping in and connecting.
If you are channel
writing, you're
tapping in and connecting.
When you're doing visualization
and you are dreaming
and you're getting in
touch with your mission
and why you're
here on the planet,
you're rewriting things.
Yeah, it's powerful.
In a sense, it's taking these
old archetypes, the old stories
and seeing what
resonates with you
and then, OK, now how do I
tell the story differently,
or how can I get a
different angle on it?
What can I do differently?
There's the mistakes I
made before, let's do it
this way now.
So you're getting-- by
tapping into the Akash,
it seems you're getting
more perspectives
to choose from for your journey,
moving forward, in this reality
and, I guess, if you want to
jump into some other realities,
you could use it there too.
Wow, what an amazing tool
to have in your back pocket?
How did you start
accessing this and when?
Let's get into the origin story.
>> Oh, well first
of all, I again,
I want to invite everybody who
is receiving this and here with
us today to begin to see areas
where you might be tapping
into the Akash and not actually
know that you're doing it
because I believe that
every person is using this,
at every moment.
But for me when
it became specific
and it became mindful
that I was using it,
I was an actress in
Hollywood for 20 years.
We had that in common.
Although, we never
really crossed paths.
>> No, no--
>> In our Hollywood days.
>> Yeah, we had to jump ship.
>> Well we expressed and
showed up in a new timeline.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is what I find happens
is, as we grow and evolve,
our mission is, at
the essence, the same.
I'm still the same storyteller.
I'm still the same channeler.
I mean, acting is channeling,
using your body as a vessel.
It's just expressing through
a higher octave now that I've
had this "wake up" experience.
So small town girl
from the Midwest.
I'm the quintessential story.
Like talk about story and
looking at the old story
archetypes, I'm the
girl from the Midwest
that leaves town, high
tails it to Hollywood.
Quits college, leaves everything
behind and spent 20 years
in the business, loving
every minute-- eh--
loving a lot of minutes of it.
Finding it really
difficult because you come
face to face with the deepest,
most raw painful parts of you.
And there a lot
of rejection that
was involved in that for me.
There was a lot of coming
from that small town and be--
it chokes me up--
being that girl.
I felt my community
behind me, but I also
felt like I had to
show up for them.
And I took on probably more
than Emily actually needed to.
And so I needed to learn
how to manage that energy.
And for me, I grew up immersed
in the church, Southern Baptist
church, all up in the Sunday
morning, Sunday night.
>> Singing.
>> Singing, and rebelling too.
I don't want to paint--
I want to paint a clear picture.
I was also sneaking
out of my house.
Yes.
>> You were one of those--
>> As long as I was back in time
for church the next morning,
we're good, right?
>> That's right.
>> So always had something that
came alive in me when I was
in that space of spirit.
Didn't necessarily
follow me to Hollywood.
I needed another form of
connecting with that spirit,
that God energy.
And that's when I
found meditation,
which really began to give
me the tools to manage
my own internal energy.
I would stay confident,
I wouldn't be so nervous.
I started just nailing
auditions right and left.
And next thing I know,
I'm like, oh, my gosh.
This works.
So I kept doing
it, more and more.
Morning and night.
There was a Wayne Dyer
meditation that I did.
I remember the exact
little spot in my house
because I found the center
of my house, which was
like right outside of the bat--
I call it a house.
In Los Angeles, it was like
a teeny, tiny little space,
right?
And I'm crammed up
against the bathroom door
and there's a linen
closet behind me.
And I'm like, all jammed
in this little corner
because it's the
middle of the house.
And I did this
powerful om meditation.
It was an "om" and a "ah".
So in the morning, at 6:00 AM,
I would do 20 minutes of, "ah",
seeing the energy
move through my body
out through my third eye.
And then that was the creation.
And then the 6:00 in the evening
was the gratitude, the "ohm".
And I would do the same
thing, sending it out
through my third eye.
Getting auditions
right and left.
I mean, you can't stop doing
that meditation, right?
And as you--
I'm sorry, not auditions, jobs.
>> Jobs, right.
>> Auditions are plenty.
It's the job that
you need to get.
And for every one job,
as you know, there's--
for every one, yes,
there are hundreds
of no's that go along with that.
So this meditation became
a crucial staple for me.
And the more you
meditate, the more
you dedicate that time to
going inward and creating space
to meet yourself, the true you.
And let that expand.
You can't help but
to reinvent yourself
in a higher frequency
of consciousness.
And I naturally began to
have a drive, a desire
to want to just work
on people, help people.
And there was a neighbor
that lived in my community
who I just knew from walking
through the neighborhood.
And I hadn't seen
him for a long time.
And then there, he's walking
through the neighborhood,
again, but limping.
And so I asked what happened.
He said, he had
broken his ankle.
It wasn't healing well.
I don't know who
said this next part,
I'm not sure that it was Emily.
Do you want to come over
for some energy healing?
I'm like, wait a second.
I'm not an energy
healer, I'm an actress.
I don't know, like,
who said that?
And then he said yes.
So he came over.
And again, I was winging it.
I had no formal
training, no skills,
but I did have a tuning fork.
Just waving it around.
And then into my
awareness-- my imagination--
a being came.
I didn't know who this
being was, so I asked.
He said that it was his
father, my friend's father.
And so I began the telepathic
conversation in my mind.
And just playfully
having the conversation.
I wasn't speaking any
of it to my friend.
My friend had his
solfeggio scale,
headphones on, he had his eyes
closed, his foot propped up.
I'm just waving-- I'm winging
it-- waving the tuning fork
wherever.
>> But you started this--
>> But I started the
conversation with his father.
And then after--
>> How'd that go?
What'd you guys talk about?
>> It's really playful
in the beginning.
I asked him what his name
was, which I was scared
and I know better
than that because it's
hard to get an exact-- well,
it's hard until it's not.
Let me not create that story.
But I thought, like
hell, you're going
to get his name right, Emily.
But that's the same 19-year-old
from the Midwest that quit life
as I knew it and made a bold
decision to come to Hollywood.
It's that same bold
play-- screw it.
I'll ask your name.
And he told me Bob, Bob, Bob.
But not Bob, it's
a J name, but Bob.
OK.
>> OK.
>> Let me give you just a
little aside there, and pause.
So when beings from
other dimensions
are interfacing with
me, or anyone else,
they are going to speak
in context or framework
that being--
me in this case--
would understand.
And my father in
law's name was Bob.
So I had a framework of being
able to understand that easily.
So Bob, Bob, Bob, but not
Bob, but a "J" name, but Bob.
Great.
I asked him-- oh--
he actually, Bob, but
not Bob, but "J" name,
volunteered this information
that he said please let my son
know that I was there and
I saved him when he fell.
And I said, you
did a shitty job.
His ankle is shattered.
>> Right, right.
>> He's barely walking.
But the father still said,
no, he claimed that space.
>> Probably would
have been much worse.
>> Yeah.
Ruben, I'm going to circle
back to all of these pieces.
>> OK, sorry.
>> OK.
And then the third piece
that I really remember
was he showed me his hands.
So then I began-- the session
was over, Daniel went home.
I didn't mention any of it.
I had to pee, I went
to the bathroom.
And I'm washing my
hands and it's just
like, he's not
leaving, the father.
Like, go let him know that
I was here, that I was here.
Oh, OK.
So I reached out to my
friend, I said, listen,
I don't consider
myself a medium.
>> Reached out to Daniel.
>> Reach out to Daniel.
I don't consider myself a
medium, but this came through.
Would you like the information?
And he said yes.
So we met and sat down again.
And I said, all right,
well the first thing
I did was ask his name.
So what was your dad's name?
And he said, my
dad's name was Alan.
And I'm like, oh, I
got that one wrong.
I was getting like a "J" name.
Bob, Bob, Bob, but
the "J" name, but Bob.
And that's when Daniel's
face went white,
he said, my father's
name was Alan Jay.
J-A-Y, he went by Jay.
And at that point,
I thought, OK.
We must be on to something here.
>> But who's Bob?
>> Well, he was getting me,
the Bob because I would have
a reference point for Bob.
And then he was telling me, but
it's not Bob, it's a J name,
but a short name like Bob.
Three letters, B-O-B.
>> Oh, I see, I see.
>> That's how it ended
up clicking for me.
>> I gotcha.
>> So sometimes we have to work
to put the pieces together just
a little bit.
>> When you're talking,
communicating from intermittent
dimensional realms, it
gets-- there can be static
in the lines sometimes.
You gotta listen carefully.
>> Yeah, yeah.
Sometimes verb conjugation
gets a little funky.
>> Well it's like, when you're
trying to talk to somebody
on the cell phone and their
bad reception is like,
you get pieces and
you're like, OK,
do I want to make them repeat
the whole thing over again
or do I just take what I got
and then fill in the pieces?
And I think I got
enough to get the gist.
>> Yep, exactly.
>> All right.
>> So then we went on to
Alan Jay saying that he saved
Daniel.
And I said, your dad
said that he saved you.
And I told him that
he did a shitty job.
And sorry, but I think he did.
And Daniel goes no,
this is what happened.
He was on the second floor
of an outdoor mall space.
So that it was
outdoor shopping, it
wasn't like he was inside
on the second floor.
Outside on the balcony.
And he began to feel dizzy.
So that's why he had left the
store and gone out to get air.
And he was standing
there, concrete stairs,
lost consciousness, got
dizzy, passed out and fell.
And when the paramedics
got him, they said,
it was one of those
literally like one inch
and you would have fallen down
two flights of concrete stairs
and probably not be here.
>> Wow.
>> Then we got to the
last piece of this story,
where I shared with Daniel that
his father had shown me hands.
It's crazy-- it just
takes me back instantly.
And that's when Daniel
basically had the same reaction
I'm having for you now.
>> Oh, this guy comes to visit.
He's OK?
>> You feel it?
You feel the emotion
coming up, baby?
Yeah.
So Daniel had a similar
reaction, a flood
of emotion came over him.
And he shared with me that he
was holding his father's hand
when his father passed.
And they had been estranged
for quite some time,
up until that point.
And Daniel had felt
sad that he didn't
have the opportunity with his
dad that he may have wanted.
That was their reconciliation
point, when he passed.
And this opened up a completely
new possibility for Daniel
to have that connection
with his father.
And when I experienced that
feeling, not only firsthand,
witnessing that of my friend,
but being the vessel that
could facilitate
something like that,
there's not a lot that's
better than Hollywood.
It takes something pretty
mystical and magical.
>> Was that when you started
to distance yourself from
your other work and
go more into that?
How long ago was that?
>> Let's, see when was that?
That was 2015.
Yeah, almost instantly
it was, yeah, screw this.
I have to let people know that
they can turn on their skills.
I didn't feel like
I was born psychic,
but there was no doubt in
my mind, at that point,
that I had cultivated a
sharpness and acuteness
with being able to
perceive inter-dimensional
that had come from meditation.
Nothing special.
And that people
needed to know this.
It felt-- I felt more alive.
I felt more magic.
And truly, that's what
we're chasing in Hollywood.
Is we're using the human body
to emote the story of whatever
the story is, humanity.
And this was just such a
more powerful way for me
to experience all of that.
It was a no brainer
at that point.
>> So 2015 is pretty recent.
So you're sort of
getting activated here,
in a recent sense.
And then how long after that
before you made this move
to Reno, you
started connecting--
you started doing your work?
>> About 10 minutes after
that experience with Daniel,
I was enrolled in an Akashic
Records certification program.
Like I said, I knew I wanted
to hang a sign on my door
and teach people something.
At that moment, I
didn't know what it was.
I knew, for me, it wasn't
Reiki, it wasn't yoga,
but I didn't exactly know.
And I had grabbed a Conscious
Life magazine the last time
I was in an audition.
Just like picked it up and
I'm like, where is that thing?
And I ran and I went and dug
it out of my audition bag.
And I started
flipping through it,
like as fast as I could
flip through those pages
and I got to the back where
they had like old school ads,
like newspaper ads.
And I found a couple
certifications.
I'm flipping through
and I'm like,
Akashic records--
boom-- that's it.
My mom had gifted me a
session, maybe 10 years prior.
Just as a Christmas present.
And of course, I use
the time to ask, when
is my career going to break?
What about that role
in Transformers?
What about that role in--
I can't even remember
what the big Marvel
movie was that I missed
by the skin of my teeth--
it's huge.
What's the one with Wolverine?
>> Wait you worked on,
or you were going to work
on Transformers? what
>> Yeah, I auditioned for
all of those big films.
>> Oh.
>> Oh, this is so stupid.
Fantastic Four, or
something like that?
>> Right, yeah.
It's a good thing
you weren't in that.
>> It was a terrible movie.
>> So in this Akashic
Record reading,
I'm like digging into what's
going to happen in my career.
And didn't realize that it
was actually activating me.
I just got it in this
moment for what was
going to happen to my career.
>> Yeah, you're-- yeah.
You asked about your
career and here you
are, doing Akashic readings.
>> And here I am.
But truly, the power is learning
how to do this for oneself.
So I teach people how to
interface in their records.
And I teach them,
I share with them
the unique way of
accessing the records
that my guides gifted to me.
So it's a lineage
that's been passed down.
And I teach people how to get
the most out of this space.
And I hold the field while
they learn how to do that.
And I can read for you too.
But it's better if you do
it because this is your soul
records.
Do you really want it
coming through Bob, Bob,
not Bob, but Jay?
>> No, that's my that's
my interpretation of life.
This is about yours.
>> Exactly, yeah.
>> Here's the framework
that I put it in.
The Akashic Records is
the cosmic field guide
for being here.
My goal is to teach you
how to drive, teach you
how to go into this realm and
all of the different things
that you can do.
Then I hand you
the keys and say,
go drive around the cosmos
now Ruben and have some fun.
Play with the records and
do what feels alive for you
in the record.
So my goal is to
reestablish a connection
and remembrance to this field
that everyone has access to.
Teach them how to use it
to its highest and most
potent potential because
there's a lot of genius that can
be extracted from this space.
And then bless them
on the mission.
>> Awesome.
That sounds like a very
self-empowering tool.
>> It's designed to
be, in my opinion,
the most potent self
transformational tool
on the planet.
Well just imagine
being able to have God
perspective, goddess
perspective on everything
that confuses us in life.
It's a game changer.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, definitely
all the options of--
potential options
available to you
are made instantaneously so
you're not limiting yourself
to a specific story,
a specific choice.
You realize when you get
to that higher perspective
that we have way more
options than we think
or we've been told that we
have for everything in life.
>> For every one challenge,
there are an infinite number
of solutions.
>> Exactly, exactly.
And most people-- not
most people, many people--
>> Good one.
You just like-- you just
connected with the field
right there.
You imprinted the records
and we all shot up
a level of consciousness.
>> There we go.
Well because now, it used to
be most people, now it's many.
Many people are hanging
on to the old stories.
>> A few of you dumb asses
are still hanging on to those
stories.
I just up leveled us again.
>> There we go.
>> There you go.
>> Just a few.
>> You're welcome,
you're welcome.
>> We went from most,
to many, to just a few.
>> A few of you out there are
hanging on to the old stories.
And not seeing through
the forest, so to say.
And are making decisions
based on just a limited view
of reality.
>> The guides are popping in
right now into and wanting me
to explain this.
They did a few beats
ago and I said,
no we're going in a
different direction.
And now they're
back with it again.
So they would like me to explain
how infinite possibility works.
Because we say we have
infinite possibilities, right?
>> What we just did when we went
from many to-- what did we do?
We went many, to--
>> Most.
>> To few.
>> Or most, to many, to few.
>> Most, to many, to few.
That's what we did.
>> Exactly.
>> Similarly, when it comes
to infinite possibility,
how does the possibility or
the timeline that you want get
to be the one you experience
if they're infinite?
Great question.
I'm glad you asked.
So it's a vibrational coherence.
So we moved from the state
of infinite possibility.
That would be like
the farthest ring
out, if we were looking at
it as like rings of energy.
The more we give our
attention, our focus,
our feelings, the more
we think about something,
that particular vibrational
frequency increases.
The timeline, the
possibility that
contains that frequency
match, so you can use it
for stressing about your bills
or you can use it of picturing
yourself in Costa Rica.
I've done both.
It works on both it.
It's really fantastic.
So the infinite
possibility, as we
begin to pick which
one of those we want,
sometimes we don't
pick with mindfulness
or with consciousness,
we pick by default
or we pick unconsciously.
But everybody gets a pick.
So once you pick and you
begin to feel the feelings,
think about what's
going on that's
in vibrational coherence
with that timeline,
you're strengthening it.
So it's moving from an
infinite possibility
to it got a little
bit stronger so now it
becomes a probability.
And then the more we
give it that energy,
the probability moves closer
until we experience manifest
as physical reality.
>> Yeah, I love that.
>> You used the word also
earlier, reverse engineer.
And in my own sort of
figuring things out,
that's been key to
seeing the highest
probable potential reality of
an outcome from any situation.
And then seeing it, but
then reverse engineering
how to get there.
Because most, many-- few of us
will see just the next step.
And then really not
even have that vision
of what is the highest
possible outcome
because it may seem
so far from what's
probable in the sense of--
>> Or what we've
experienced before.
>>What we've
experienced, or what
our idea of is probabilities.
That's no way, but when you
actually think of that first
and then you reverse
engineer from that point,
you can actually start
to connect the dots.
But you have to see it first.
And if you don't see it, then
it's not even in your field.
So now you're going with
the second hand, or not
the optimal probability.
>> Yeah, unconscious.
>> Unconscious.
>> Probability.
>> (IN UNISON) Default.
>> Oh, jinx, you owe me a soda.
>> Soda?
OK.
>> Bubbly water.
>> All right.
>> Coffee?
>> Coffee.
>> We can do coffee.
Yes, exactly.
So very cool.
>> And that idea of reverse
engineering, I love that.
It's exactly-- OK.
Oh, this makes me so excited.
This is what I realized
about my specific blueprint.
I told you the story.
I quintessential, can't
be more storybook.
Small town farmer Midwest
girl, quits college
and hightails it to Hollywood
to find her fame and fortune.
I help people find what their
highest dream timeline is.
I can see it in
the field for them.
I have a gift of
vision and being
able to see someone's
highest potential
and to hold that
frequency for them.
And then you reverse engineer
it through the records.
>> Right.
Cool.
>> It's so fun.
And you get to meet some of
those people who are doing
that with me, like in Sedona.
>> It was fun watching their
journey and watching them
access the records and you
walking through them and seeing
how it worked.
Because I, again, I had an
idea of what the Akash was.
I didn't understand it.
And you helped clarify how
accessing these records
and us tapping into it
can self empower us,
it can move us into
the highest potential.
>> Level hierarchy.
>> Right, level hierarchy
is a big part of it.
We no longer have to rely
on others to do it for us.
We can do it ourselves.
>> Yes.
>> Which is the theme
of my show, right?
So it just seems
for the past six,
seven years I've been on
this journey, every bit of it
has been about that.
It's like we're
all super-humans.
We all have access to these
superhero-type abilities.
And we are-- as the planet
is making this great shift--
we are getting activated,
whether we like it or not.
>> It's impossible to escape it
because it actually has to do
with Galactic positioning.
I mean, where our solar system
is flying through the galaxy
right now, the Mayans
had this charted.
They knew that we were
going to be in alignment
with Galactic center during
this time, as we entered
into the Age of Aquarius.
So every single one of
us are being bombarded
by these photons of light.
And I talk about, photons
of light store and transfer
information.
Just like everything is energy.
And sound is a particular
vibrational frequency of energy
that stores and transfers
knowledge and information.
Photons of light
do the same thing.
And we're experiencing just
being completely bombarded
by that, simply from our
alignment in the galaxies.
If you're on planet Earth,
you can't get away from it.
Your DNA is waking up as these
light codes are coming in.
When these photons of light
interact with our DNA,
they begin to wake
up our dormant DNA.
So we have 12 strands of DNA.
And scientists
understand two of them.
I believe that the other
10 strands, they refer to
as junk DNA, are
actually our connection
to the quantum world.
They have direct correlation to
our psychic senses, as our DNA,
those get turned on, our
psychic senses get turned on.
My personal theory is, the
second coming of Yeshua,
of Jesus, happens
when each one of us
have all 12 strands
of our DNA come alive
and what Jesus said, the
least amongst you can do all
that I have done, and
more becomes true.
And not only was he performing
miracles like walking
on the water and multiplying the
loaves, like the manifesting--
that time he raised Lazarus
from the dead, you know,
that kind of thing.
Not only were we seeing--
will we start seeing more of
these quantum-type experiences
that were unexplainable before,
but the most powerful skill
and DNA that he had
turned on that will get us
there is compassion.
>> Yeah and forgiveness.
>> Forgiveness.
>> Yeah.
>> Together.
Going back to the
talk about crystals.
We have a couple of
crystal skulls here.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> How about that?
We have a bigger crystal
skull in the back room
that we'll pull out in a minute.
You're probably getting zapped.
How did you sleep last
night, by the way?
Did you sleep?
>> I did.
I had downloads all night long.
Lost them this morning.
Not lost them, there
plugged in, but it's
like they evaporated
very quickly.
They were like glimpsing--
allowing me to glimpse them.
I will share that there
is a part of me yesterday
in preparing for
you guys to come,
there was a sacred awareness.
>> And just for our audience,
we're working on another
project with the
Mitchell-Hedges crystal skull.
We've been taking it around,
doing some amazing stuff.
And yeah, just so
happens to be, we're
traveling with the Bill and the
Mitchell-Hedges crystal skull.
And we showed up at
your house last night.
>> It just so happens
to be in my guest room.
>> So we're going to be doing
some of that work later.
But mentioning the
skulls, I wanted
to go back to this
idea of the photon belt
and the light codes
being activated.
It seems that from--
the skull is also able to--
these crystals are
being activated too.
And then they're like how
we use our cell tower.
>> My ears are going off as
you're talking in this moment.
>> The cell tower to--
a signal will take it and then--
especially if you like
ham radio operators,
you have these repeaters.
And the signal can get-- as long
as it can get to the repeater,
then it'll jump and it'll
get to the next repeater
and it'll continue.
And the way I'm understanding
how this is unfolding
is that the skulls and other--
crystal, the ones you
found in your Lemurian--
Lemurian crystal
out here and others.
They're all getting activated
by the photon stuff, as well.
So not only are we
individually, but these crystals
that have been holding this
energy for so long that
have been dormant, are now
getting activated and as
an extra boost of energy
that we can absorb and take
in and get activated--
>> What I'm getting right now
is that when you were talking
about you pass it
on to the next,
that is a key component that's
being turned on right now.
For quite some
time, an individual
who wants to activate has
the ability and the framework
and the construct to do that.
But now we're turning
on like this rapid fire
of like the domino
effect, going down.
Where the interface
can't be stopped.
>>Yeah.
That's the way I've seen it too.
And that's probably why
we're seeing on our planet
right now, so much
repression and suppression
when it comes to
these other forces.
Because these dominoes
are following so fast
it's like, oh, my God.
It's like putting your
finger in the dam and then
another one, and then
another one, and another one.
And you're seeing
crazy stuff happen
with government and politics
and medical world and all
that stuff because
the dam is breaking.
And it seems like
panic mode for some
of those guys because
of some of the stuff
that they're trying
to implement.
And it seems the more
they implement it,
the more the dam is breaking.
So it's kind of working--
>> Well, yeah.
It's structurally compromised.
>> Great way to say that.
Yeah, structurally compromised.
>> That was them.
The old structure is
definitely compromised.
And it's falling apart.
>> They wanted to just bring
some awareness into how you
and I specifically
are playing roles.
We're doing it.
>> We got cast in the roles.
How we're playing roles that
are helping with the knocking
down of the dominoes.
So I'll speak for myself.
Before, two entities
might have stood
in their own platform, their
own energy, their own fame,
their own impact--
whatever word you want to use--
without being so open to
collaboration, or maybe
a little standoffish
until you prove yourself.
I see.
Right, right,
right, right, right.
>> And there was none of that.
It was just instantaneously,
oh, yes, I remember you.
There's work to do.
Let's go.
Just how our skulls are doing
that right now here together
too.
This is what the
interface-- or this
is what the template of this
new level of knocking down
the dominoes looks like.
We talked about it in--
you gave that metaphoric
framework of the dominoes.
But then it looks like
something in real life.
And this is what it looks like.
It looks like being able
to find those high level
connections of people who've
cultivated their consciousness.
And it's like, we're picking
up right where we left off,
wherever the mission
paused before.
We're un-pausing.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's happening with a lot
of different people like that.
There's a lot of
people who are stepping
into this new operating system
of we don't have to prove--
we don't have to prove
who we are and what we do,
and what we can do.
It's recognizing it.
>>Or we just do.
>> That's what I mean.
Because we're just
doing it, we don't
have to spend time proving
that we're doing it.
Just do it and then
those who are aware
and those who are
also just doing it,
we get to skip that layer--
that proving layer.
Which in the past, because I
guess there was a lot of BS
out there, you had
to sort through it.
>> That makes sense.
>> Yeah, of course, we
had-- that's what like--
that's where the idea of
charlatans come in and snake
oil.
And just like we had the ET
disclosure and things coming
in right now, even some of
the pieces that we feel like
are disclosure, still slightly
tweaked and distorted.
>> And we know that though.
>> Yeah, and so we're going
through this same process
as we're waking up.
And the wisdom keepers
are coming forward.
Wisdom keepers,
mystics, previously
have existed in China,
up in the mountains.
Not just China, lots
of places across the--
they're not just in
China, everybody.
But they are removed.
Not immersed in the
trenches in modern day
or any kind of society.
They sit at this
different space where
they don't have the same
issues that they have to do.
They just get to sit up here
and meditate and then bring
the energy in.
>> Right, the oracles
of the mystics,
the wise people
that we would go to.
Yeah, they were kind of
removed from society.
>> And it doesn't
look like that now.
The new template
because you know why?
It only works so
well, what we need.
And what I'm finding is, the
avatar of the ascended master
is waking up in the
moment, complete forgetting
of who you are and then you
experience it and you share
as you experience.
For me, that just looks like
bringing a really high level
of vulnerability to the
challenges that I have,
as I'm walking
through this process.
Showing all of the behind the
scenes of what does it look
like to be a real human,
having this experience.
And the challenges are, we need
to learn how to course correct.
You and I talked about
that the other day
is that people don't have a
framework of how to do a 180.
Belief is something that
I believe will mess us up.
Because belief in and of
itself creates polarity.
You have to choose
one side or the other.
So for me, what's worked better
is I just say believe nothing,
consider everything, Emily.
And that moves me
back into a more state
of unity consciousness,
where I'm not
picking one side or the other.
But course correction
is incredibly important
because we create
and we mis-create.
And what our society needs
templates for right now
is space, compassion and
methodology on how to course
correct.
>> Because we're constantly
shifting and changing
and telling a new story,
but so many people,
they get glued and attached
to a specific story,
which creates an identity
and then they get attached
to the identity because
that's how people know them.
That's how people
relate with them.
>> It's how they
know themselves.
So in the identity, if
it's part of a collapsing
system or a modality
that's not really
serving the individual or the
collective in a healthy way,
then they're going to
collapse with the attachment
to these other things.
And I think that's what we're
seeing right now in society
is a lot of people who had been
attached to a specific story
before are fighting and
resisting the shift of well,
maybe, I need a new identity, or
maybe I don't need an identity.
Maybe I can just
flow and ebb and flow
with what's being presented
with me right now.
Why do I have to attach
myself to this thing?
Being vulnerable, being
able to shift the story.
Being able to be in the moment
and not have the attachment,
this is what we're doing here.
This new lifestyle is
not judging somebody
for who they were or who they
are or who they want to be,
it's just like you're
you, and that's OK.
And I'm me and that's OK.
>> And I think realizing
that we're all pioneers.
And we are on the forefront
of a landscape that's
changing so rapidly, we've
never experienced this before.
So we're learning as we go.
And we need to remember and
have that level of compassion
for each other because we're all
reinventing in the now moment.
We're all playing improv
actor with each other.
And there's a rawness
to that journey that--
I think, when we're not
graceful in our growth,
there's judgment that happens
I think in just like, oh, God,
she's a mess or she's just--
she's a train wreck.
Clean up on aisle four.
We need to remember that this is
a really sensitive time, where
it's messy.
The growth doesn't
look as graceful
as you think it
does in your mind.
Just like Hollywood, we have--
from the outside, we have
a certain expectation
of what it's going to
look like on the inside.
And once you get on the
inside, you realize the smoke
and mirrors.
>> Yeah lots of
smoke and mirrors.
And I think the goal, or what
I feel the goal is, for me,
and the world that
I want to live in
is to take some of the
smoke and mirrors away
and to be OK with the
dirtiness, the rawness that's
behind the scenes.
There's a lot of beauty there.
There's a lot of awesome
stories and richness there.
It doesn't have
to be so polished.
Look at the grip.
Look at the camera guy sweating.
But the person
applying the makeup
as a huge story of how
they got to that position
and what they're doing
and all the things.
The stunt guys, that's my
world where I was hanging out
for many of the years.
>> So glad you're not
jumping off bridges anymore.
You know, the mom in
me, I can't handle it
when you do that stuff, Ruben.
>> I will still go back from
time to time, but it's not--
this is way more fun for me now.
That stuff's fun too, but--
yeah, there's a lot
of richness there.
And we're finding
that documentaries.
And this is why this
big boom in documentary
filmmaking, and just telling
the real raw stories that
are already happening on
this planet, as opposed
to having to pre-heat up and
do this amazing Tom Cruise,
flying through the fire and
the thing and the thing.
There's like that-- we get that.
That's fun.
>> Well what that does is
we lose our humanity in that
because we get desensitized.
And that's what I
think is happening
is there's a sensitivity
that's rising in people.
>> Yeah, well we can do some
other work with this goal
in a minute, but any last--
any messages from
the Akashic guides
on what our little message
to the world is here?
>> Yeah, the biggest thing
that's coming in right now,
in this moment, has been a piece
that I am excited to share more
with the crew, with skull squad,
as we go into the mountain
because it's a critical piece
in raising the vibration
and keeping the
vibrational frequency high.
And it's Mary Magdalene
who comes forward and asks
us to just let it go.
And this will be important for
each of us as we are preparing,
but any negative thought,
density, frustration, pain,
injustice especially,
she's saying right now,
we must let it go.
You must let it go.
You must learn to find
that place within yourself
where no one can harm you
and stay in that frequency.
So important right now.
>> Yes, sometimes the attachment
for revenge or justice,
you know, revenge is the
severe part, but justice.
Justice and that
attachment to that
keeps us tied to that negative--
>> Retaliation, as a response,
is symptomatic of lower
consciousness.
>> Yeah, wow, well said.
Well, awesome.
So looking forward
to playing some more
and sharing your story
and doing your work
and showing others how to
tap into this invisible field
that's around us all
the time, and still
physical in some forms.
>> There's a copy
in our DNA too.
So as our DNA turns on,
like we spoke of before,
we'll have instantaneous access
within our framework again.
>> Very cool.
Well, awesome.
Thank you, Emily.
>> Thank you, Ruben.
Let me give you a hug.
>> Yeah.
>> Good stuff.
>> Good to see you here.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
Here we are.
>> Here we are.
>> In Reno.
[MUSIC PLAYING]